1 universe. 9 planets. 204 countries. 809 islands. 7 seas
7 billion smiles, and yours is my favorite.
A book-store is only pieces of evidence we have that people are still thinking.
A comfort zone is a beautiful place – but nothing ever grows there.
A day spent with a friend is always a day well spent.
A girl needs to be reminded sometimes.
A girl should be like a butterfly. Pretty to see, hard to catch.
A girl’s best friend is her pride.
A good friend is always with you in any difficulties!!
A monkey is not copying me when I show him a lion.
A real man provides, protects and perseveres.
A relationship means giving the best of yourself to someone that truly deserves it.
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.
Actually I eat my food quickly because I know my breakfast is best than others.
After Tuesdays, even the calendar goes WTF.
After a while, you just want to be with the one who makes you laugh.
Aim for the moon because if you like smaller then it, you may hit by a star!
All I have ever wanted to be is who I am becoming
All guys hate the words DON’T and STOP unless they’re put together.
All my life I thought air was free, until I bought a bag of chips.
All we have is NOW.
All-time favorite.
Always keep smile in difficulties.
Always keep your eyes on stars and keep your feet in ground.
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
And then you came along, and my life become beautiful.
Anyone in the world cannot defeat you until you give up.
Are you a banker because I’d like you to leave me a loan
Are you ready to read for this caption but it has nothing…!
As soon as I saw you I knew a grand adventure was about to happen.
As your best friend, I’ll always pick you up when you fall after I finish laughing.
Aside from gravity, nothing in life can keep me down.
Be a Warrior, not a Worrier.
Be a little more you, and a lot less them.
Be a pineapple: stand tall, wear a crown, and be sweet on the inside.
Be a warrior in a room of worriers.
Be brave, be kind, be you.
Be happy. Be bright. Be YOU.
Be happy. It drives people crazy.
Be the best version of you.
Be the kind of person that makes others step up their game.
Be the type of person you want to meet.
Be very careful of people whose words don’t match their actions.
Be yourself – everyone else is taken.
Be yourself, who else is better qualified?
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Beautiful girl, you were made to do hard things. So believe in yourself.
Beauty is about being cozy in your own skin.
Because she competes with no one, no one can compete with her.
Behind every bad b**ch is a sweet girl who got tired of everyone’s bulls**t.
Being cool is being your own self, not doing something that someone else is telling you to do.
Being happy never goes out of style.
Being yourself is the prettiest thing you can be.
Believe in PINK.
Best Friend is that a person in your life who knows everything about yourself.
Best friends. Because anyone else heard our conversations we’d end up in the mental hospital.
Best. Day. EVER!
Better an oops than a what if.
Born to express, not to impress.
Boys got swagger, men have style, but gentlemen have class.
Boys will be boys.
Burn for what you love.
Can you feel my heart? It’s beating your name.
Can’t remember who I stole my bio from or why
Catch flights, not Feelings.
Cats have 32 muscles in each ear, to help them ignore you. (A funny Instagram captions for cats!!)
Chillin’ with my bros.
Chocolate doesn’t ask questions, chocolate understands.
Cinderella is proof that a new pair of shoes can change your life.
Come live in my heart and pay no rent.
Confidence is my attitude
Courage is fire, and bullying is smoke
Creating a life I love 
Cry only for cuts and stitches not for bastards and b*t**.
Cute accessories help people to build confidence.
Cute as a button, but not quite as smart.
Cute girl walking in front of you. Decrease speed until walking in front of you.
Darling, I’m a nightmare dressed like a daydream.
Decide a goal of unlimited possibilities.
Decluttering my life like Marie Kondo
Did you know that DIET stands for: Did I Eat That?
Different from everyone!
Disappointed but not surprised.
Distances either make relationships or break relationships.
Do what is right – not what is easy.
Do whatever makes you happiest
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Do you like my outfit? Gee thanks, just bought it.
Don’t be afraid of death. Be afraid of non-lived life. You don’t have to live forever, you just have to live.
Don’t be afraid to be the full package.
Don’t be average, be savage.
Don’t be like the rest of them, darling.
Don’t ever let anyone dull your sparkle.
Don’t give up on your dreams. keep sleeping.
Don’t grow up… It’s a trap!
Don’t interrupt someone working intently on a puzzle. Chances are, you’ll hear some crosswords.
Don’t let anyone rent a space in your head unless they’re a good tenant.
Don’t mistake my kindness for weakness, b***ch.
Don’t quit your daydream.
Don’t stop until you’re proud of yourself.
Don’t tell me I’m less than my freedom.
Don’t underestimate me because I am more than your thinking.
Don’t worry, Beyonce.
Dope days, chill nights, good company, and mellow vibes.
Dream big, little one!
Due to an intense mind fog, all of my thoughts have been grounded until further notice.
Enjoy at least one sunset per day! – Modern Family
Escape the ordinary
Escape the ordinary.
Every day may not be good but there’s good in every day.
Every girl has her best friend, boyfriend, and true love. But you’re really lucky if they’re all the same person.
Every love story is beautiful, but ours is my favorite.
Every morning I want to remind you that you are the man of my dreams and the love of my life.
Everybody knows that something’s wrong but nobody knows what’s going on.
Everyday should be the last day of your life.
Everything You need is already inside you, Get Started.
Everything you need is already inside you. Get started.
Exhale the bulls**t.
Express gratitude. Regret nothing.
Falling in love all over again.
Fashion is about dressing according to what’s fashionable.
Fashion is about dressing according to what’s fashionable. Style is more about being yourself.
Fashion is just another accessory for someone with great style.
Fashion is life and just like life,you must always express your feelings freely.
Fashions fade, style is eternal.
Fear is only temporary. Regrets last forever.
Fill your life with adventures, not things. Have stories to tell, not stuff to show.
Find a place in life that suits you – and own it. Well.
Fire.
Focus on the Good
Folks, I don’t trust children. They’re here to replace us.
Follow your heart, but take your brain with you.
For me, math class is like watching a foreign movie without subtitles.
Forever and Always.
Forever is not much difficult if your love is pure.
Forgive, yes. Forget, never.
Friday, my second favorite F word.
Friends buy you lunch. Best friends eat your lunch.
Friends: people who borrow my books and set wet glasses on them.
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies.
Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another: ‘What! You too? I thought I was the only one.
Fun quote for Instagram
Funny instagram caption
Get busy living or get busy dying.
Get your hot rods ready to rumble ‘cause we’re gonna drink until we die.
Girls are intellectual paintings, even though you don’t understand them they are admired.
Girls be like, caught off guard but still cute.
Give me the chocolate and nobody gets hurt
Give me the chocolate and nobody gets hurt.
Go BIG or go home.
Go green!
Go wild for a while.
God bless this hot mess.
Good friends are like stars.
Gravity can’t forget to pull me back to the ground again.
Guess who I just met?
Happiness is having a bunch of freaking awesome and crazy cousins.
Happiness is the same price as red bottoms.
Hard work never killed anyone, but why take the chance?
Haters are my greatest motivators
Have you ever noticed that anybody driving slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a
Have you ever noticed that anybody driving slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac?
Having the dream is easy, making it come true is hard
He liked her with long hair so she cut it short.
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There’s no menu: You get what you deserve.
Hey you. Yeah, you. I love you.
He’s like a song she can’t get out of her head.
He’s more myself than I am. Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.
Hold my hand and I will go anywhere with you.
Hope is the most peaceful that leads to success.
How I feel when there is no Coffee. DEPRESSO!
How do I feel when there is no Coffee? DEPRESSO.
How do you call a pig that does karate? Pork Chop
Hustle & heart will set you apart.
I always wear black glasses to show people that I am blind because of it I got huge appreciations.
I am a ninja. No, you are not. Did you see me do that? Do what? Exactly
I am best served with coffee and a side of sarcasm.
I am born at a very young age.
I am born with competition for many peoples.
I am busy but I spend much time for this who is really matter for me.
I am cool, dressing like Pro, smart, intelligent, handsome but some funny.
I am happiest when I’m right next to you.
I am here to avoid my friends on Facebook and Instagram.
I am living in a caffeine-dependent life form.
I am not always available so pick me now.
I am not fan of anyone because I feel you lost your real innerself.
I am not lazy, I am just on save energy mode.
I am not other source of motivation, just my parents…
I am really lucky that I have such friend like “You” and you are also lucky that you have such friend like “Me”..
I am really very smart so you can like me…
I am so tired of love songs. Oh, awesome, Ed Sheeran is on…
I am the greatest Warrior of this world” just only thought it than you always win…
I am the material you couldn’t handle me even if I came with.
I am too poor that I can not give attention to class.
I am way too cool for this world. Just kidding.
I am who I am, your approval is not needed.
I can. I will. End of story.
I can’t believe I’m telling you this but Don’t talk, just act. Don’t say, just show. Don’t promise, just prove
I could buy designer, but this Fashion Nova fit.
I could stay awake just to hear you breathing
I do a thing called ‘what I want’.
I do not exist to impress the world. I exist to live my life in a way that will make ME happy.
I don’t believe in SOMEDAY, I believe in TODAY.
I don’t care what people think of me. Mosquitos find me attractive!
I don’t know what I did to have a best friend like you.
I don’t know what’s tighter, our jeans or our friendship.
I don’t make mistakes; I date them.
I don’t need any part-time people in my life.
I don’t wanna be alone forever, but I love gypsy life.
I dream about you while rolling around in bed, remembering all the romantic things you’ve said. I think about you with every breath I take. Baby, you are the icing on my cake.
I fantasized about being some sort of a princess.
I got beauty, I got class.
I got it from my mama.
I hate it when I’m singing a song and the artist gets the words wrong.
I hate when people see me at  the supermarket and they are all like “Hey, what are you doing here?” And I’m just like, “Oh, you know hunting elephants.”
I have a costly thing that called “attitude”
I have a hopeless crush on someone I have no chance with..
I invented a new word: Plagiarism.
I just see something irresistible in you.
I knew you were trouble when you walked in..
I know I left my sanity around here somewhere.
I like my Coffee how I like myself: Bitter, Dark and too hot.
I love Selfies
I love being yours, I will be yours for always.
I love nerdy cute boys who don’t take themselves too seriously.
I love you as certain dark things are to be loved, in secret, between the shadow and the soul.
I love you as high as the sky and as deep as the sea.
I love you more than i have ever found a way to say to you.
I love you so much that my heart slips a beat when you call my name.
I made a huge list for today. I just can’t figure out who’s going to do it.
I may look calm, but in my mind, I have killed you three times.
I may not be there yet, but I’m closer than I was yesterday.
I need a six-month holiday, twice a year.
I prefer my puns intended
I prefer my puns intended.
I put the whine in wine.
I really don’t care what you think about me. Unless you think I’m awesome. In that case – yuu’re totally right. Carry on!
I saw that you were perfect and so I loved you. Then I saw that you were not perfect and I loved you even more.
I shine from within so no one can dim my light.
I should’ve left my phone at home ‘cause this is a disaster.
I still get butterflies even though I’ve seen you a hundred times.
I still hide you in my poetry
I still miss my ex – But guess what? My aim is getting better.
I think it’s weird if a girl doesn’t have Instagram nowadays.
I thought my life was air-free until I bought a bag of chips.
I try to look cute all day.
I used to be an atheist, but then I realized I’m God.
I used to have superpowers but the psychiatrist took them away.
I walk around like everything is fine. But deep down, inside my shoe, my sock is sliding off.
I wana to wake up to you kissing me in the middle of th night.
I want to be naughty with you for the rest of my life.
I want to stay forever with you.
I was born to do exactly what I’m doing today
I was born to stand out.
I was going to make myself a belt made out of watches, but then I realized it would be a waste of time.
I wasn’t mad, but now that you asked me 7 times if I’m mad.. yes, I’m mad!
I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light.
Ice Cream is Cheaper Than Therapy
Ice cream is cheaper than therapy.
If I was a writer I’d have a better bio quote
If I was a writer I’d have a better caption.
If I were rich, I’d pull a Netflix and spend $100 million on my Friends
If You are great then I am greatest.
If he loves you then don’t waste that, you might never be able to get it back.
If her smile takes all your stress away. Believe me, she is the one.
If my love were an ocean, there would be no more land. If my love were a desert, you would see only sand. & If my love were a star-late at night, only light. And if my love could grow wings, I’d be soaring in flight.
If there would be an award for being lazy, I would send someone to pick it up for me.
If you are funny, you are automatically 75% more probable that we are friends. You know, many things change and fade, but sarcasm is forever.
If you are hurt by words, it means other people can control you simple by saying stuff to your face.
If you are hurt by words, it means other people can control you simply by saying stuff to your face.
If you are testing my water, you better know how to swim.
If you are with your friends that moment you should be happy…
If you can dream it then you can do it.
If you can’t be better than your competition – just dress better.
If you can’t convince them, confuse them.
If you don’t believe in yourself, who will?
If you fall, I will be there. Signed: Floor.
If you feel that it is funny then please like…
If you have been hurt many times and you are still smiling, you are very strong!
If you live for other people’s acceptance you will die from their rejection.
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to leave without you.
If you never go, you will never know.
If you treat a girl like a dog, she’s going to piss on you.
If you want opportunity to knock, it’s time to build a door.
If you woke up without a goal then go back to sleep.
If your friend is with lie immediately leave them.
Ignore your enemies because they are not important in your life.
In a sea of people, my eyes will always be searching for you.
In all your gettings, get wisdom.
In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different.
In sickness and in health.
In this section, we include funny Instagram captions and short jokes anyone can remember. You can also try to find funny puns too.
Insert your bio here.
Isn’t it beautiful outside?
It always seems impossible until it’s done.
It is better to arrive late than to arrive ugly.
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.
It is not funny caption oh sorry! it is their child so you can use it.
It is our choices, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
It is so. It cannot be otherwise
It may hurt a lot now, but I’m strong enough to handle it.
It’s good to live expensively, you know it.”
It’s not about the destination. It’s about the journey. Enjoy your ride.
It’s not my fault truth hurts, here’s a bandaid.
It’s the heart of gold and stardust that make a girl beautiful.
It’s time to pursue my purpose.
I’ll do the stupid thing first and then you shy people follow.
I’m a big fan of whiteboards. I find them quite remarkable.
I’m at the point now where I don’t want to impress anyone anymore. If people like me the way I am, great. If they don’t, well it’s their loss.
I’m confident, your opinion of me won’t change that.
I’m here to avoid friends on Facebook.
I’m just a girl, standing in front of a salad, asking it to be a cupcake.
I’m just a simple guy swimming in a sea of sharks
I’m just a simple guy swimming in a sea of sharks 
I’m just a vibe you can’t find nowhere else.
I’m much more me when I’m with you.
I’m never gonna stop falling in love with you.
I’m not actually funny, I’m really mean and people think I’m joking. I’m not.
I’m not glad it’s “Friday” I’m glad it’s “Today”. Love your life 7 days a week.
I’m not here to fit into your world. I’m here to make my own.”
I’m not smart. I just wear glasses.
I’m not special, I’m limited edition.
I’m not special. I’m a limited edition.”
I’m not sure how many problems I have because math is one of them.
I’m nutty bunny number two. I love me and I love you.
I’m so poor that I can’t pay attention in class.
I’ve fallen in love many times… but always with you.
I’ve fallen in love many times…. always with you.
I’ve had a couple of drinks and…oh my god!”
Just keep making those baby steps everyday. You think you are not moving but when you look back, you will realise how far you have come
Just look at me. God is too creative.
Just over here having an allergic reaction to everyday life.
Just remember, if we get caught, you’re deaf and I don’t speak English.
Just two friends having a good time
Last name Ever, first name Greatest.
Last night was a blue
Learn to wait. There’s always time for everything.
Let them hate. Just make sure they spell your name right.
Let’s commit the perfect crime. I’ll steal your heart and you’ll steal mine.
Let’s just be who we are
Life doesn’t have any hands, but it can sure give you a slap sometimes..
Life goes on, with or without you.
Life happens. Coffee helps.
Life has unlimited possibilities to achieve them.
Life is Short – Talk Fast.
Life is a party – dress like it.
Life is a practice. You are what you do each day.
Life is a swimming pool and I want to swim in it.
Life is better when you are laughing.
Life is dumb and I want to sleep
Life is like a chess game because in this if we forward without think then anyone can kill you.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Life is not a fairy tale. If you lose your shoe at midnight, you’re probably drunk.
Life is not life without Best Friends !
Life is only as legendary as you make it.
Life is short there is no time to leave important words unsaid.
Life is to short to waste it.
Life is too short to waste it.
Life is very complicated. Don’t try to find answers because when you find the answers, life changes the questions.
Life was meant for Best Friends and Good Adventures!
Life was meant for good friends and great adventures.
Life was much easier when apple and blackberry were just fruits.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until they speak.
Like a welcome summer rain, humor may suddenly cleanse and cool the earth, the air and you.
Like” is like a daily dose for Tik Tok creators.
Little girl with dreams become a woman with a vision.
Live life to the fullest.
Live your life for your goal.
Losers focus on winners, Winners focus on winning.
Losers focus on winners, Winners focus on winning.”
Love does not come to those who seek it, but to those who give love.
Love doesn’t come with terms and conditions.
Love doesn’t need to be perfect, it just needs to be true.
Love has the potential of wildly piercing your heart and sewing it back again, all at once.??
Love is a promise; love is a souvenir. Once given never forgotten, never let it disappear.
Love is absolute. But the conception of Love varies with the individual consciousness.
Love is like the wind, you can’t see it but you can feel it.
Love is needing someone. Love is putting up with someone’s bad qualities because they somehow complete you.
Love is when the other person’s happiness is more important than your own.
Made with love,” means I licked the spoon and kept using it.
Make Peace with your broken pieces
Make peace and keep on.
Make your own Bridge which distance will be “You from your goal”
Make your today better than your yesterday.
Man is the only animal that refuses to be what he is.
Maniac?
Maybe if we tell people the brain is an app, they’ll start using it.
Me sarcastic? Never.
Me: Happy girls are the prettiest Also me: I’d like to buy 15 pounds of makeup, please.
Meanwhile in Russia
Meet my Partner in Crime!
Men are born to succeed, not fail.
Mentally on the beach.
Missing someone is your heart’s way of reminding you that you love them.
Mistakes are proof that you’ve tried.
My attitude will always based on your treatment.
My bed is a magical place I suddenly remember everything I had to do.
My bio is stolen. Please help me to find it.
My excuse is that I’m young.
My key to dealing with stress is simple: just stay cool and stay focused.
My life is as crooked as Rami Malek’s bowtie.
My life is like that sweet that changes the taste from time to time.
My life isn’t perfect but it’s the best thing that’s ever happened to me
My passion is my attitude!
My room is like the Bermuda triangle, stuff goes in and is never seen again.
My signature, My style, My identity.
Namast’ay in bed.
Naturally and artificially flavored.
Never forget your last dream.
Never stop doing great just because someone doesn’t give you credit.
Never stop until you Defeat the life.
Never underestimate the power of a good outfit on a bad day.
No guts, no glory.
No matter how down you are, always get up and give your best!
No matter what a woman looks like, if she’s confident, she’s sexy.
No matter where you are from, your dreams are valid.
Nobody is perfect. My name is Perfect!
Normal is boring
Normal is boring.
Not always ‘Available’… Try your Luck.
Not everyone likes me, but not everyone matters.
Nothing can replace you!
Nothing is lost until your mother can’t find it.
Nothing shines brighter than a heart of gold
Now Tik Tok is really waterproof platform for audience… search logic behind it?
One day all your hard work will pay off.
One day when you finally call, I won’t respond, but my assistant will.
One day, I hope to be a happily married old man telling wild stories from his wild youth.
One is never over-dressed or under-dressed with a Little Black Dress.
One is never over-dressed or underdressed with a Little Black Dress.
Oops is always better than what if
Out in the club and I’m sipping’ that bub and you’re not gonna reach my telephone.
Passing my time writing a bio.
People called me that I am funny but I feel that I am busy.
People f**k with your feelings until you have no more feelings.
People see me cute. But, I am more than that.
People will stare. Make it worth their while.
Playing dress-up begins at age five and never truly ends.
Please God, if you can’t make me thin, make my friends fat.
Pudding tastes better with a plastic spoon
Put in work. Believe in it.
Quitter Never Win and Winners will never Quit.
Rabbits jump and they live for 8 years. Dogs run and they live for 15 years. Turtles do nothing and they live for 150 years. Lesson learned.
Rain or Shine. I will always be here for you.
Relationships are perfectly tied to the strings of love.
Release the beast within.
Risk taker. Adventurer. Globetrotter. Living my dreams
Rolling with the homies.
Say yes to new adventures.
Seeing a spider in my room isn’t scary. It’s scary when it disappears.
Selfie in paradise
She is my Best Friend. You break her heart, and I will break your face.
She loves moonlight and rainstorms and so many other things that have a soul.
She was simple like quantum physics.
Simplicity is the key to brilliance.
Since there is only one of me, does that make me limited edition?
Since you’ve been around I smile a lot more than I use to.
Single and ready to get nervous around anyone I find attractive.
Single as a dollar but not looking for change.
Sleep like no one’s watching.
Smart. Strong. Silly. Straight up class act.
Smile…it confuses people..!!
So many books, so little time.
So many changes in a year.
So, we should be mind-readers by now.
So, you’re on Instagram? You must be an amazing photographer
Some beautiful paths can’t be discovered without getting lost.
Some days I amaze myself. Other days I put my keys in the fridge.
Some kisses are given with eyes.
Some people are alive only because it’s illegal to kill them
Sometimes I wish I was a bird. So I could fly over certain people and s**t on their heads.
Sometimes all you can do is lie in bed, and hope to fall asleep before you fall apart.-
Sometimes you gotta be a beauty and a beast.
Sometimes you have to go up really high to understand how small you really are.
Sometimes, it’s better to be alone… No one can hurt you.
Sorry ! but it is my habit…
Sorry for being late, I was enjoying my last few minutes of not being here.
Sorry if I Looked interested, I’m not.
Spread like a banyan tree!
Spreading smiles like their herpes.
Spreading smiles like they’re herpes
Stay aware! because your life can flip anytime.
Stay motivated because life can take U-turn from any time.
Stomach: I will now demonstrate a blue whale’s mating call.
Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your emotions.
Strong women rule the world.
Style is a way to say who you are without having to speak.
Style is a way to say who you are without having to speak.”
Style is more about being yourself.
Success is in my veins
Success second name is consistency.
Successful people take the path towards the destination through great obstacles and difficulties.
Swag is not something you wear, it is something you are born with.
Sweatpants, hair tied, chillin’ with no makeup on.
Take a deep breath and remember who the f**k you are!
Take care of your body, it’s the only place you have to live.
Tell me not to do something and I will do it twice and take pictures.
That awkward moment when you see twins fighting and one of them calls the other ugly.
That awkward moment when you’re wearing Nike’s and you can’t do it.
The World is yours.
The action is the foundational key to all success.
The beauty of true love is it accepts your flaws and withholds them beautifully.
The best is yet to come.
The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and weaknesses, and still thinks you’re completely Amazing.
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
The best things in life are free. The second best are very expensive. – Coco Chanel
The eyes do not see the flaws if a heart loves a heart.
The fridge is a clear example that what matters is on the inside.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
The good things in life are better with you.
The happier you are, the more beautiful you become.
The happiest people don’t have the best of everything, they make the best of everything.
The happiest people make the best out of everything.
The heart can’t see things but can feel love all around.
The journey is always the best part.
The little things in life matter.
The more you weigh the harder you are to kidnap. Stay safe eat cake.
The mountains are calling and I must go.”
The only time a man should ever lie is to surprise someone
The only time a man should ever lie is to surprise someone.
The scariest thing about distance is you don’t know whether they’ll miss you or forget about you.
The smallest change can make the biggest difference.
The touch of your hand says you’ll catch me if ever I fall, You say it best when you say nothing at all.
The truth will set you free. But first, it will piss you off.
The wrong girl will distract you. The right girl will motivate you.
There are 16-year-olds competing at the Olympics and some of us still push on “pull” doors.
There are many keys in your life but only one thing that can open the door of success.
There are no winners in life…only survivors.
There are only two times that I want to be with you..Now and Forever.
There is a guy who stole my heart and he calls me his wife with love.
There is no angry way to say bubbles.
There is no doubt in my Tik Tok video.
There is no point in crying, the tears won’t bring you back to me.
There is only such a principle of your friendship… When you agree, everything is acceptable to you…
There’s a hole in my heart where you use to be.
There’s always a wild side to an innocent face.
These are the days we live for.
They cry because they have been strong for too long.
They say don’t try this at home… so I went to my friend’s home!
They say: Do what you love and the money will come to you. Just ordered pizza, now I am waiting…
Thick thighs and pretty eyes.
Think you’re smart? Come over and help me with my homework.
This is GOLD.
This is cool being me!
This is it!
This too shall pass. It might pass like a kidney stone, but it will pass.
Throwing kindness around like confetti.
TikTok is my life.
Time is precious, waste it wisely.
To be the best, you must be able to handle the worst.
Today, I will be as useless as the “g” in lasagna.
Today’s a great day, you can’t stand in my way
Today’s the best kind of day.
Treat me good and I’ll treat you better.
Treat me like a Queen then I’ll treat u like a king.
Treat me like a joke and I’ll leave you like it’s funny.
Treat yourself like a King and you’ll attract your Queen.
Tried to lose weight..But it keeps finding me so I ignored it.
True friends never let us fall, neither in the eyes of anyone, nor in anyone’s footsteps.
Try to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud.
Trying to elevate small talk to medium talk.
Turn ya savage up and lose ya feelings
Used to think I was indecisive, but now I am not so sure.
Watch you smile while you are sleeping.
We are born to be real, not perfect.
We do not keep friends to spend time, we keep time to stay with friends.
We don’t know what’s tighter: Our jeans or our company culture.
We got that Friday feeling.
We know the voices in our heads aren’t real, but sometimes their ideas are just too good to ignore.
We met for a reason; Either you’re a blessing or a lesson.
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
We tried to be normal once. Worst two minutes of our lives!
Well, well, well. Look what finally decided to show up. Hello Friday!
We’ve been friends for so long I can’t remember which one is the bad influence
What do you call a bear with no ears? EARS!
What do you call a thieving alligator? A Crookodile
What does Charles Dickens keep in this spice rack? The best of Thymes, and the worst of Thymes.
What if we told you … you can eat without posting it on Instagram?
What just happened?
What should I put here?
Whatever sprinkles your donuts
What’s cooler than cool? Most cool. Oh, no wait…
When I am with you, the only place I want to be is closer.
When I fell for you, I fell Hard.
When I get less likes on my video then my friend that day is really harmful for me.
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, then show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
When my bra matches my underwear, I really feel like I have my life together.
When nothing seems right….go left!! LOL
When you are Downie, eat a brownie.
When you can’t find the sunshine, be the sunshine.
When you love what you have everything you need.
Where are the average things manufactured? The satisfactory.
Where the hell am I, and how did I get here?
Who runs the world? ME.
Whoever invented knock-knock jokes should get a “No Bell” prize.
Whomever I give a place in my heart, I take care of them more than myself, as if you are my friend.
Why are you reading my bio???
Why do they call it beauty sleep when you wake up looking terrible?
Why look up at the stars when the biggest star is me
Wifi. Food. My bed. Perfection.
Wine + dinner = winner
Words cannot express my love & passion for Fridays!
Write what you want, say what you want ‘bout me, if you’re wondering, know that I’m not sorry.
Yes, I’m smiling, but you’re not the reason anymore.
You Are Not Alone, you have together with worlds most powerful thing “Brain”
You are my favorite distraction.
You are my sunshine on a rainy day.
You are the love that came without warning; you had my heart before I could say no.
You blessed me with a love so special like I’m in the heaven tonight.
You can either take me as I am or watch me as I leave.
You can regret a lot of things but you’ll never regret being kind
You can’t live an EPIC life without EPIC people.
You can’t process me with a normal brain bcoz I am too mad.
You couldn’t handle me even if I came with instructions.
You do the most adorable things without realizing.
You don’t like my attitude? That’s fine. It doesn’t like you either.
You have my whole heart for my whole life.
You have the most beautiful smile and the most twinkling eyes in the world.
You is kind, you is smart, you is important
You know I’ll rise up every time like a phoenix.
You know what I like about people? Their dogs.
You know you’re in love when you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
You make me smile so effortlessly.
You may hold my hand for a while, but you hold my heart forever.
You never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
You talk bad about my attitude because you don’t have one.
Your best revenge is improve yourself in life.
Your goal should be your primary thing.
Your hair is 90% of your selfie.
You’re the reason why I’m smiling again.